README.md, before:

## Welcome to my GitHub page!

### Overview
Hi there! I'm Connor, a geoscientist with a PhD in Geology and Earth Sciences. I started learning about R and Python during my PhD, and have since been learning how to code and ultimately visualise and work with geoscience-based data. This repository is a work in progress of my current day-to-day scripts and has some, hopefully useful, examples of code and projects I work on publicly in my spare time.

### Current Projects
- [Python for Geoscience](https://github.com/geo-cjd/Python-for-Geoscience) - Easy-to-follow Jupyter Notebooks for working with, analysing and visualising Geoscience data.
- [Geoscience in Dash](https://github.com/geo-cjd/Geoscience-in-Dash) - Ongoing development of Plotly-Dash based apps for working with Geoscience data in an interactive format.

<!--
**connordgeo/connordgeo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add QGIS Plugins project to README
Added a new project section for QGIS Plugins.

README.md, after:

## Welcome to my GitHub page!

### Overview
Hi there! I'm Connor, a geoscientist with a PhD in Geology and Earth Sciences. I started learning about R and Python during my PhD, and have since been learning how to code and ultimately visualise and work with geoscience-based data. This repository is a work in progress of my current day-to-day scripts and has some, hopefully useful, examples of code and projects I work on publicly in my spare time.

### Current Projects
- [Python for Geoscience](https://github.com/geo-cjd/Python-for-Geoscience) - Easy-to-follow Jupyter Notebooks for working with, analysing and visualising Geoscience data.
- [Geoscience in Dash](https://github.com/geo-cjd/Geoscience-in-Dash) - Ongoing development of Plotly-Dash based apps for working with Geoscience data in an interactive format.
- QGIS Plugins - Early development of some QGIS plugins specifically related to map formatting and automation.

<!--
**connordgeo/connordgeo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
